welcome the return for a new
video on a gta like point guide money
unlimited so we are an extra 24
after the update after the update
day of the robbery and the little one that is
left yesterday so to start but
say so just go to the site
hold an andreas and you have you go
bought the rebel karin rusty the one
which costs 3000 so the thief that one
so I had already bought a lot of
times so advise you to fill
your garage of 40 rebels so you
will go into som prestige as
with the other rusty thani rebels so
I get into their teeth in the
wheels color colors of rims
in the skull month accessories people
no no it's sorry I was the
first day I had a little so
you go to the uimm in all
field the legs of series you buy
amazon here you will be you will you
go in the chrome jean fumes and
you will see that the dfa gones are
Free
so look at the top right the 2000
euros and I'm going there I'm going nothing
lose now and now you do not have
more than go to sell it so I
want to say that there is the by pass
so here I look where I go where we go
all wimille for to earn 40 miles
so it's beautiful
that's forty thousand and
I want to say that it's not my only
and I see them on that of law 104 me
wade
the best is that there's the boss
I'm waiting for hockey now look at the
by pass for those who do not know it's
what is it actually every time you to
every time you look at some
passes in 45 minutes and well there I go
to show you that this is not the case
because they only month for
expect from them is the mechanic
just brings sanctions but
I have a flat in the desert thanks
to this one maybe I'll probably
buy me I want to buy the door
to 500,000 thanks to these blick and I'm going
surely redo the video
a few minutes
i'll be back
so for those who are interested
can the robberies on next gen on
ps4
do not hesitate to add me so it's me
very first names of atomic services
I will put my name in the description 3
since life
to braga lease long time where everything went
accelerated
so that's really great
we play wimille to win 40 me
I'll go back up for you
see the manipulation
so it's rusty karin rusty it's
not the normal and the rusty at 3000
when you go in the wheels you
go in the wheels the type of wheels
to go in the off-road kind of
series and you buy the amazons there
you go out you go in the suv them
chrome legs and that you buy the fag
lamps that are free and the wla more
they resell and you will see
that I did not wait for the 45 minutes and
I can sell it here are vehicles
sold here it is a little geek units
on gta live on patch 1.24 on
ps4 and gingham is not is not
feasible on old gen ie ps3
and 360
will go there with you Enjoy vo